# CS300

I had a difficult time examining the code and determining the proper runtime analysis. Going through each line of code determining the cost and runtime impact was new and interesting to see how each line plays a part into the final product. But taking my time and revisiting the materials in the course allowed me to overcome the problem. Another problem I had was with the course prerequisites as they were initially not printing. However, I was able to figure out what I was doing wrong through print statement and double-checking my loadingData code as well as the printCourse code. Through these approaches, I identified that my problem was that I used the incorrect equality operator and the for loop was not even running. To solve both my problems in the assignments and throughout the course, I took my time and carefully thought through what my code was doing and what I wanted it to do. Using the tools of print statements and google, I was able to effectively overcome my roadblocks and develop organized and efficient code. 

The work in this class and its' projects have given me hands-on experience in critical data structures and the critical operations needed to effectively implement them. I can apply these data structures I have learned to my future development projects to apply the correct data structure to the correct situation. Throughout all my previous development projects, I sought to develop readable and efficient code that makes use of good programming principles like modular and reusable code. I think a good example of this in my project is the helper function to print the menu options rather than having the code take up space within the main menu loop. However, this project has opened my eyes to having a public function that checks for one thing and then calling a private function that does the majority of the work. An example of this is the InOrder and inOrder methods as the inOrder method does the majority of the work while InOrder provides a public interface for the rest of the application. 
